rake db:drop
rake db:create
rake db:migrate
rake db:seed
rails s


Website Name: andhra_pradesh_soil_moisture_sensor_network
Website Url: /home/surya/project_files/andhra_pradesh_soil_moisture_sensor_netwo$&.html
Symbol: $ Value: r
Symbol: & Value: k
File name: soil_moisture_sensor_network
Heading path: #dp_content_map1 table tr td:first span
Content path: #dp_content_temp table tr, td
Header: Client_id, District, Mandal, Location, Soil_Moisture(Depth),,, Soil_Temperature && , , , , 30cm(%), 60cm(%), 1m(%), Max, Min
Merge cells: 1, 4, 1, 6&&1, 7, 1, 8

1) http://www.imdaws.com/viewawsdata.aspx

http://www.imdaws.com/WeatherAWSData.aspx?&FromDate=06/02/2015&ToDate=06/02/2015&State=2&District=0&Loc=0&Time=

http://www.imdaws.com/WeatherAWSData.aspx?&FromDate=from_date&ToDate=to_date&State=state_id&District=0&Loc=0&Time=

from_date 06/02/2015
to_date 06/02/2015
state_id 2

state ap
from date prev date
to date prev date
View Data (click)
Repeat this for all the states.
Saving process:-
One month date = one file
Sheet = 1 day data.
1 state = 1 file.
Given when requested.
Available data for past 7 days

2) http://apsdps.gov.in/
here we have ap and tp
ap:- http://apsdps.gov.in/index.html
tp:- http://117.247.178.79/tsdps/
weather observations => soil moisture sensor network, global radiation sensor
soil moisture sensor network => table
now we should maintain separate file for soil moisture sensor network and global radiation sensor network
Global radiation sensor => table
Separate files for districts
Also add latitude and longitude for this file only.
Available data for past 1day
Given per month

3) Tamil Nadu weather data:-
http://tawn.tnau.ac.in/General/HomePublicUI.aspx
weather data => district=> block take last day data
take district and block wise report check your self for format.

4) http://www.imd.gov.in/

Departmental websites
Hyderabad;- ap,telangana
Ap=> weather observations => daily observations
Chennai => observations => main cities
Observations recorded at  1730 hrs IST on 24.01.2015
WEATHER OVER TAMILNADU AND PUDUCHERRY

Ahmadabad:-
Daily weather report:-
Observation Recorded At 08:30 HRS IST on  Date  24/01/2015, 04th  Magha 1936 (SAKA)

Nagpur:-
daily Weather report => regional dwr
OBSERVATION RECORDED AT 0830 HRS. IST OF DATED 24-Jan

Mumbai => regional weather report => daily regional weather report.
Meteorological Observations recorded at 08:30 Hrs. IST of January 23,2015




************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************


http://www.imdaws.com/WeatherAWSData.aspx?&FromDate=05/12/2014&ToDate=05/12/2014&State=3&District=0&Loc=0&Time=

from_date = "05/12/2014"
to_date = "05/12/2014"
state_id = 3
district_id = 0
location_id = 0
url = "http://www.imdaws.com/WeatherAWSData.aspx?&FromDate=#{from_date}&ToDate=#{to_date}&State=#{state_id}&District=#{district_id}&Loc=#{location_id}&Time="


content_dom = "#DeviceData tr"
inner_dom = "span"
columns = [:sr_no, :station_name, :date, :time_utc, :latitude_n, :longitude_e, :slp_hpa, :mslp, :rainfall_mm, :temperature_deg_c]



require 'rubygems'
require 'nokogiri'
require 'open-uri'
   
page = Nokogiri::HTML(open(url))   
page.css(content_dom)[1..-1].each do |tr_data|
	record_hash = { state_id: state_id }
	tr_data.css(inner_dom).each_with_index do |td_data, index|
		record_hash[columns[index]] = td_data.text
	end
	ImdAwsData.create!(record_hash)
end

1) http://www.imdaws.com/
2) AWS
3) every state
4) date(previous date from and to)
5) district, location, time default


1)http://apsdps.gov.in/
2) click http://apsdps.gov.in/index.html
3) Weather Observations => Soil Moisture sensor network => Table
4) http://117.247.178.79/tsdps/soil_moisture.jsp

1) Global Radiation Sensor => Table
2) for every district.

same for telangana

1) http://tawn.tnau.ac.in/General/HomePublicUI.aspx

Weather Data


http://imd.gov.in/

Departmental Website for all sites.=> Weather observations daily observations.


Weather Observations => Daily Observations